Feat/86 make token configurable via new secret GITHUB_USER_TOKEN (#87)
inpsyde/reusable-workflows: docs/automatic-release.md

#### Inputs

| Name           | Required | Default | Description                                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `NODE_VERSION` | false    |18               | Node version with which the release will be executed                                       |

> | `USER_TOKEN`   | false    |`empty`          | The token used to authenticate with GitHub. When not defined will fallback to GITHUB_TOKEN |

Author: updated

> | `USER_TOKEN`   | false    |''          | Authentication token with write permission needed by the release bot. When not defined will fallback to GITHUB_TOKEN |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ACCESS_TOKEN`   | false    |''          | Authentication token with write permission needed by the release bot (falls back to GITHUB_TOKEN) |
```
Not sure about `ACCESS_TOKEN` or if we just should also use `GITHUB_USER_TOKEN` in the documentation.

Also, please update the Markdown table structure. Thanks!

> | `GITHUB_USER_TOKEN` | false    |''       | Authentication token with write permission needed by the release bot (falls back to GITHUB_TOKEN) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `GITHUB_USER_TOKEN` | false    |`''`     | Authentication token with write permission needed by the release bot (falls back to GITHUB_TOKEN) |
```

    uses: inpsyde/reusable-workflows/.github/workflows/automatic-release.yml@main
    with:
      NODE_VERSION: 16
    secrets:

>       USER_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.MY_TOKEN_SECRET }}

Reviewer: Let's use a more "professional` token name in the example. 😉
```suggestion
      USER_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.WRITE_TOKEN }}
```

Reviewer 2: Is it only a write token or could we also inject a read or read-write token here? does that make any difference? I would suggest to name it just `TOKEN`.
